# Logical Volume Manager Storage installation

You can install Logical Volume Manager (LVM) Storage on an OpenShift Container Platform cluster and configure it to dynamically provision storage for your workloads.

You can install LVM Storage by using the OpenShift Container Platform CLI (`oc`), OpenShift Container Platform web console, or Red Hat Advanced Cluster Management (RHACM).

> **WARNING:** When using LVM Storage on multi-node clusters, LVM Storage only supports provisioning local storage. LVM Storage does not support storage data replication mechanisms across nodes. You must ensure storage data replication through active or passive replication mechanisms to avoid a single point of failure. ==== [id="lvms-deployment-requirements-for-sno-ran_{context}"] == Prerequisites to install LVM Storage The prerequisites to install LVM Storage are as follows: * Ensure that you have a minimum of 10 milliCPU and 100 MiB of RAM. * Ensure that every managed cluster has dedicated disks that are used to provision storage. LVM Storage uses only those disks that are empty and do not contain file system signatures. To ensure that the disks are empty and do not contain file system signatures, wipe the disks before using them. * Before installing LVM Storage in a private CI environment where you can reuse the storage devices that you configured in the previous LVM Storage installation, ensure that you have wiped the disks that are not in use. If you do not wipe the disks before installing LVM Storage, you cannot reuse the disks without manual intervention. + [NOTE]
You cannot wipe the disks that are in use.

- If you want to install LVM Storage by using Red Hat Advanced Cluster Management (RHACM), ensure that you have installed RHACM on an OpenShift Container Platform cluster. See the "Installing LVM Storage using RHACM" section.